Webex InMeeting Component (#69)
webex/components: src/components/WebexInMeeting/README.md

> # Webex InMeeting Component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Webex In-Meeting Component
```

> Webex InMeeting component displays the [Webex Local Media](../WebexLocalMedia) on top of [Webex Remote Media](../WebexRemoteMedia) component all together for a meeting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Webex InMeeting component displays the [Webex Local Media](../WebexLocalMedia) component on top of the [Webex Remote Media](../WebexRemoteMedia) component for the in meeting media experience.
```

> Webex InMeeting component displays the [Webex Local Media](../WebexLocalMedia) component on top of the [Webex Remote Media](../WebexRemoteMedia) component for the in meeting media experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webex In-Meeting component displays the [Webex Local Media](../WebexLocalMedia) component on top of the [Webex Remote Media](../WebexRemoteMedia) component for the in meeting media experience.
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="./WebexInMeeting.png" alt="Default Webex InMeeting" />
</p>

## Preview

> To see all the different possible states of the Webex Interstitial Meeting component, you can run our Storybook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see all the different possible states of the Webex In-Meeting component, you can run our Storybook:
```

```shell
  npm start
```

## Embed

1.  Create a component adapter from which the data will be retrieved (See [adapters](../../adapters)). For instance:

    ```js
    const jsonAdapter = new WebexJSONAdapter(jsonData);
    ```

> 2.  Create a component instance by passing the person ID as a string and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Create a component instance by passing the meeting ID as a string and
```
